Text summarization is a branch of Natural Language Processing (NLP) which can be described as the process of creating a compressed representation of a text document which conveys the main ideas of the document (Tohalino & Amancio, 2017). Text summarization is an important field as the amount of textual data that different industries need to process keeps growing, (Bouscarrat, et al. 2019).   
 The goal of automatic text summarization is to condense electronic information (Laxmi & Venkata, 2017). As the volume of information that is readily available increases tremendously, it  can become  difficult for humans to consciously select relevant information from this sea of information, (Saiyed & Priti, 2016). Thus, text summarization as a tool, help in transforming these information in a smaller and easily digestible form. 
Text summarization approaches can be extractive or abstractive. Extractive text summarization can be seen as an optimization problem (Rasmita & Rakesh, 2019), where the goal is to find an optimal set of sentences that best conveys the overall meaning of the document. For a given document containing of a set of sentences S, the aim of extractive text summarization is to select top k sentences that covers the main idea expressed in that document (Nikolov, Pfieffer & Hahnloser, 2018).   Extractive text summarization reuse words and sentences that are in the original document, (Prateek,  2018) in producing summaries. The abstractive approach on the other hand applies sophisticated technique to generate a summary for the document which may contains words that are not found in the document, (Prateek, 2018).
Although there have been a rise in interest regarding abstractive summarization, however, extractive techniques still remains popular because they are generally less complex, less expensive and is known to generate summarizes that are grammatically and semantically correct most of the time, (Ramesh  et al., 2016). Some of the metrics that are used in evaluating the performance of text summarization  models includes F-score, Relevancy, True Positive Rate and non-redundancy, (Rasmita, & Rakesh, 2017). 
Some of the approaches for extractive summarization has been focused on producing summaries for shorter documents such as news articles product reviews. Some of the data-driven driven approaches are trained on documents that consist of small “input-summary pairs”, (Nikolov, Pfeiffer & Hahnloser, 2018). This however as observed by Nikolov, Pfeiffer and Hahnloser, (2018), may be attributed to the scarcity of labelled corpora for lengthy documents.   
In this work, an unsupervised  hybrid approach that for summarizing lengthy documents through a pipeline that consists of compression and summarization is proposed. The approach aims to be able to suppress redundancy in the produced summaries for lengthy document but still remain flexible enough to generate summaries for shorter document.
1.2 Statement of the Problem
Extractive text summarization selects  a set of sentences from a document that conveys the main ideas expressed in that document and uses it as its summary. As summary length keeps getting longer, redundancy might slowly creep in, (Bouscarrat, et al. 2019).  Redundancy occurs when multiple sentences that are essentially the same (conveying the same message) are included in a summary.
 Some extractive text summarization approaches such as the works by  uses sentence features in ranking these sentences without any consideration for the sentence order. The may lead to a lack of coherence in the summary generated by these approaches.
1.3 Aim and Objectives of the Study
The aim of the study to is build and evaluate a text summarization model utilizing both supervised and unsupervised techniques. The objectives of the study are : 
I. To build a flexible text summarization model  lengthy document that reduces redundancy.
II. To evaluate the results of the summary with other baseline models.
III. To build an RESTFUL API that can enable third-party application developers to integrate the model into their application. 
IV. To build an intuitive and user friendly web-based demo application that users can use to interact   with the model.
1.4 Significance of the Study
The excessive amount of information that is easily accessible in today's world has prompted the invention of automatic summarization techniques (Tohalino & Amancio, 2017). This project seeks to develop a text summarization model that would be able to condense documents to a shorter and more readable form by extracting sentences representing the key ideas that are expressed in the documents in order to significantly reduce the amount of time spent generating summaries (manually) and also searching for information . The project also seek to add to the existing body of knowledge in the field of text summarization.
 
1.5 Scope of the Study
This project proposes to develop an automatic text summarization tool using the single-document  extractive summarization technique. Although the model used for summarization performs single document summarization, the entire system can generate summaries for multiple documents one at a time. This is different from multi-document summarization approaches whereby a single summary is generated from multiple documents centred around a single topic.
1.6 Limitations of the Study
Since the proposed model is based on extractive text summarization techniques, it will not be capable of generating novels words when producing summaries. The summaries generated would only consist of sentences in the input document that expresses the important ideas in the input document. Hence, the summary generated can be considered as more of content condensation (Laxmi & Venkata, 2017), rather than abstraction.
